Updated logging guide (#380)
astronomer/airflow-guides: guides/logging.md

- For dynamically mapped tasks: `dag_id={dag_id}/run_id={run_id}/task_id={task_id}/map_index={map_index}/attempt={try_number}.log`

Two formatters are used in the default configuration:

- 'airflow_colored': `"[%(blue)s%(asctime)s%(reset)s] {%(blue)s%(filename)s:%(reset)s%(lineno)d} %(log_color)s%(levelname)s%(reset)s - %(log_color)s%(message)s%(reset)s"`
- 'airflow': `"[%(asctime)s] {%(filename)s:%(lineno)d} %(levelname)s - %(message)s"`

> The full default logging configuration can be viewed in the [Airflow source code](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/c0e9daa3632dc0ede695827d1ebdbd091401e94d/airflow/config_templates/airflow_local_settings.py#L59).

The Airflow UI displays logs to the user using a `read()` method on task handlers which is not part of stdlib.
`read()` checks for available logs to display in a predefined order:

1. Remote logs if remote logging is enabled.
2. Logs on the local filesystem
3. Logs from worker logs webserver

>If a Kubernetes Executer was used and the Worker pod still exists `read()` will display the first 100 lines from Kubernetes pod logs, if the Worker pod ceased to exists those logs will be unavailable.

> ## Log locations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Log Locations
```

- **Scheduler**: logged to `/usr/local/airflow/logs/scheduler` within the docker container by default (you can enter a docker container in a bash session with `docker exec -it <container_id> /bin/bash`)
- **Webserver**: logged to the console by default. You can access the log by running `docker logs <webserver_container_id>`.
- **Metadatabase**: Is logged to the console by default. You can access the log by running `docker logs <postgres_container_id>`.
- **Triggerer**: Is logged to the console by default. You can access the log by running `docker logs <triggerer_container_id>`.
- **Tasks**: From within the Docker container navigate to  `/usr/local/airflow/logs/` or navigate to your task instance in the Grid view of the Airflow UI and click on the `Log` button.

If you run Airflow locally the logs from your scheduler, webserver and triggerer will be printed to the console. Additionally you will find logs from your scheduler separated by DAG in `$AIRFLOW_HOME/logs/scheduler` While your task logs can be viewed either in the Airflow UI or at `$AIRFLOW_HOME/logs/`. How the logs from your metadatabase are handled depends on which database you use.

> ## Adding task logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding Task Logs
```

> More logging statements can be added from within your DAGs by accessing the `airflow.task` logger:

Author: That is a really good question. I could not find a way to add log statements from any other place than from within python functions. I also tried using the airflow.processor logger to send logs to the scheduler but it seems to be ignoring them.

```python
import logging

# access the airflow.task logger instance
logger = logging.getLogger('airflow.task')  

# create a logging message at the level INFO
logger.info('There can never be enough logs! :)')
```

> ## Why to configure logging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why to Configure Logging
```

Logging in Airflow is set up to be ready to use without any configuration being necessary. However there are many use cases where customization of logging is beneficial. For example:

- Lowering the threshold level of existing loggers in order to show debug logs.
- Changing the formatting of existing logs in order to contain additional information for example the full pathname of the source file from which the logging call was made.
- Adding additional handlers, for example to log all critical errors in an additional separate destination.
- Storing logs remotely (see the section "Logging Remotely" below).
- Adding your own custom handlers, for example to log remotely to a destination not yet supported by existing providers.

> ## How to configure logging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to Configure Logging
```

```

A full list parameters relating to logging that can be configured in `airflow.cfg` can be found in the [Airflow Documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#logging). They can also be configured by setting their corresponding environmental variables.

For example if you wanted to change your logging level from the default (`INFO`) to only log `LogRecords` with a level of `ERROR` or above, you could set `logging_level = ERROR` in `airflow.cfg` or define an environmental variable `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__LOGGING_LEVEL=ERROR`.

Advanced configuration might necessitate the logging config class to be overwritten. To enable custom logging config a configuration file `~/airflow/config/log_config.py` has to be created in which modifications to `DEFAULT_LOGGING_CONFIG` are specified. You may need to do this if you want to, for example, add a custom handler.

A step-by-step explanation can be found in the [Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/logging-monitoring/logging-tasks.html#advanced-configuration) or in the section 'Example: Remote logging of tasks to S3 using Astro CLI' below.

> ## Logging remotely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Logging Remotely
```

- [Elasticsearch](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-elasticsearch/stable/logging/index.html): `ElasticsearchTaskHandler`
- [Google](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-google/stable/logging/index.html): `GCSTaskHandler`, `StackdriverTaskHandler`
- [Microsoft Azure](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure/stable/logging/index.html): `WasbTaskHandler`

For these providers Airflow contains logic to overwrite your task handler (`FileTaskHandler`) with the corresponding remote destination task handler (for example `GCSTaskHandler`) if you provide a valid `REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER` (e.g. `gs://...`).
If you want different behavior or add several handlers to one logger you will need to make changes to `DEFAULT_LOGGING_CONFIG` as described in the [Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/logging-monitoring/logging-tasks.html#advanced-configuration).

It is important to note that logs are only sent to remote storage once a task has been completed (including in case of failure), this means you will only be able to see the logs of currently running tasks locally.

> ## Example: Remote logging of tasks to S3 using Astro CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Remote Logging Example: Sending Task Logs to S3
```

1. Add the Amazon provider module `apache-airflow-providers-amazon` to `requirements.txt`.

2. Start the Airflow environment and navigate to **Admin** -> **Connections** in the Airflow UI to add the connection to the S3 bucket. Select Amazon S3 as connection type for the S3 bucket and provide the connection with your AWS access key ID as `login` and your AWS secret access key as `password` ([See AWS documentation for how to retrieve your AWS access key ID and AWS secret access key](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/powershell/latest/userguide/pstools-appendix-sign-up.html)).  

3. Add the following commands to the Dockerfile:

```dockerfile
# allow remote logging and provide a connection ID (see step 2)
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_LOGGING=True
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_LOG_CONN_ID=${AMAZONS3_CON_ID}

# specify the location of your remote logs using your bucket name
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER=s3://${S3BUCKET_NAME}/logs

# optional: serverside encryption for S3 logs
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__ENCRYPT_S3_LOGS=True
```

Afterwards don't forget to restart your Airflow environment and run any task to verify that the task logs are copied to your S3 bucket.

> ## Example Advanced configuration: Add a multiple handlers to the same logger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Advanced Configuration Example: Add Multiple Handlers to the Same Logger
```

For full control over the logging configuration including adding several handlers to the same logger for example with different formatters or filters or to different destinations; or to add your own custom handler you will need to create and modify a `log_config.py` file. 

The following example adds a second S3 Bucket for logs to be sent to with a different file structure.

> After completing step 1 and 2 from the example above add the following commands to your Dockerfile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, complete Steps 1 and 2 from the section above to configure your Airflow environment for S3 remote logging. Then, add the following commands to your Dockerfile:
```

```dockerfile
#### Remote logging to S3

# Define the base log folder
ENV BASE_LOG_FOLDER=/usr/local/airflow/logs

# create a directory for your custom log_config.py file and copy it 
ENV PYTHONPATH=/usr/local/airflow
RUN mkdir $PYTHONPATH/config
COPY log_config.py $PYTHONPATH/config/
RUN touch $PYTHONPATH/config/__init__.py

# allow remote logging and provide a connection ID (the one you specified in step 2)
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_LOGGING=True
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_LOG_CONN_ID=hook_tutorial_s3_conn

# specify the location of your remote logs, make sure to provide your bucket names above
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER=s3://${S3BUCKET_NAME}/logs
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER_2=s3://${S3BUCKET_NAME_2}/logs

# set the new logging configuration as logging config class
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__LOGGING_CONFIG_CLASS=config.log_config.LOGGING_CONFIG

# optional: serverside encryption for S3 logs
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__ENCRYPT_S3_LOGS=True
```

> Create a `log_config.py` file outside of your /dags/ folder and use it to create and modify a deepcopy of `DEFAULT_LOGGING_CONFIG`:

Reviewer: Can we add a sentence here briefly describing what these environment variables will do? e.g. "This will configure remote logging to two separate S3 buckets, `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER` and `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER_2`.

> Create a `log_config.py` file outside of your /dags/ folder and use it to create and modify a deepcopy of `DEFAULT_LOGGING_CONFIG`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, create a `log_config.py` file outside of your /dags/ folder and use it to create and modify a deep copy of `DEFAULT_LOGGING_CONFIG`:
```

Can we be more specific about where the file should go than just "outside of the DAGs folder". Is it somewhere in the Airflow project as long as it's not in `dags/`?

LOGGING_CONFIG = deepcopy(DEFAULT_LOGGING_CONFIG)

LOGGING_CONFIG['handlers']['secondary_s3_task_handler'] = {
    # you can import your own custom handler here
    'class': 'airflow.providers.amazon.aws.log.s3_task_handler.S3TaskHandler',
    # you can add a custom formatter here
    'formatter': 'airflow',
    # the following env variables were set above
    'base_log_folder': os.environ['BASE_LOG_FOLDER'],
    's3_log_folder': os.environ['AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER_2'],
    'filename_template':
        # provide a custom structure for log directory and filename
        "{{ ti.dag_id }}/{{ ti.task_id }}_{{ ts }}_{{ try_number }}.log",
    # if needed, custom filters can be added here
    "filters":[
    "mask_secrets"
    ]
}

# this line adds the "secondary_s3_task_handler" as a handler to airflow.task
# airflow logic already used the location provided to AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER 
# to create a handler for your s3 bucket using standard configurations and
# replace the default "task" handler with it
LOGGING_CONFIG['loggers']['airflow.task']['handlers'] = ["task", "secondary_s3_task_handler"]
```

> Afterwards don't forget to restart your Airflow environment and run any task to verify that the task logs are copied to your S3 buckets.

Reviewer: Same comment here, can we add a brief sentence or two describing what these updates do?

heroImagePath: null
tags: ["Logging", "Best Practices", "Basics"]
---

## Overview

Logging is the key to effective monitoring and debugging of any application. Airflow provides an extensive logging system to fit the observability needs of a variety of use cases. Core Airflow components such as the webserver, scheduler and metadata database as well as individual tasks provide logging information, either to a local file, the console or to a specified remote storage solution. The Airflow UI eventually collects logs from various locations to display to the end user.

In this guide, we'll cover the basics of logging in Airflow, where to find the logs of different Airflow components, how to add task logs, why and how to configure logging settings, and remote logging. A full step-by-step example is provided on how to set up remote logging to an S3 bucket using the [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/configure-cli#install-the-cli).

> Additionally to standard logging, there are a variety of other monitoring options when using Airflow that let you collect metrics, use tasks events to trigger callback functions, monitor Airflow health status and track errors or user activity. You can find more information on monitoring options in the [Airflow Documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/logging-monitoring/index.html) and for Astronomer customers in the [Astro Docs](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/deployment-metrics).

Author: That is a good point! I'll try to keep that in mind for the flow of future docs too!

## Logging in Airflow

Logging in Airflow leverages the [Python stdlib logging module](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html).

The basic components of the `logging` module are the following classes:

- **Loggers** (`logging.Logger`) which are the interface the application code directly interacts with. Airflow defines 4 loggers by default: `root`, `flask_appbuilder`, `airflow.processor` and `airflow.task`.
- **Handlers** (`logging.Handler`) which send log records to their destination. Airflow by default uses `RedirectStdHandler`, `FileProcessorHandler` and `FileTaskHandler`.
- **Filters** (`logging.Filter`) which are used to further configure which log records to output. Airflow uses `SecretsMasker` as a filter to prevent sensitive information from being printed into logs.
- **Formatters** (`logging.Formatter`) which determine the final layout of log records. Two formatters are predefined in Airflow: `airflow_colored` and `airflow`.

> The Python documentation contains more information on [methods available for the classes above](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html#logger-objects), attributes of a [LogRecord object](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html#logrecord-objects), and the [6 levels of logging severity](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html#logging-levels) (CRITICAL, ERROR, WARNING, INFO, DEBUG and NOTSET).

Author: Noted!

> Please see the Python documentation for more information on [methods available for the classes above](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html#logger-objects), attributes of a [LogRecord object](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html#logrecord-objects) and the [6 levels of logging severity](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html#logging-levels) (CRITICAL, ERROR, WARNING, INFO, DEBUG and NOTSET).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python documentation contains more information on [methods available for the classes above](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html#logger-objects), attributes of a [LogRecord object](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html#logrecord-objects), and the [6 levels of logging severity](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html#logging-levels) (CRITICAL, ERROR, WARNING, INFO, DEBUG and NOTSET).
```

The four default loggers in Airflow each have a handler with a predefined log destination as well as one of the two formatters assigned:

- `root` (level: INFO) : uses `RedirectStdHandler` and the formatter 'airflow_colored'. It outputs to `sys.stderr/stout` and acts as a catch all for processes which have no specific logger defined.
- `flask_appbuilder` (level: WARNING) : uses `RedirectStdHandler` and the formatter 'airflow_colored'. It outputs to `sys.stderr/stout`. This logger handles logs from the webserver.
- `airflow.processor` (level: INFO) : uses `FileProcessorHandler` and the formatter 'airflow'. This handler writes logs from the scheduler to the local file system.
- `airflow.task` (level: INFO) : uses `FileTaskHandlers` and the Formatter `airflow` and writes task logs to the local file system.

> If not otherwise specified log files will be named according to the following pattern, which can be configured as `log_filename_template` in `airflow.cfg`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If not otherwise specified, log files will be named according to the following pattern, which can be configured as `log_filename_template` in `airflow.cfg`:
```

- For normal tasks: `dag_id={dag_id}/run_id={run_id}/task_id={task_id}/attempt={try_number}.log`
- For dynamically mapped tasks: `dag_id={dag_id}/run_id={run_id}/task_id={task_id}/map_index={map_index}/attempt={try_number}.log`

Two formatters are used in the default configuration:

- `airflow_colored`: `"[%(blue)s%(asctime)s%(reset)s] {%(blue)s%(filename)s:%(reset)s%(lineno)d} %(log_color)s%(levelname)s%(reset)s - %(log_color)s%(message)s%(reset)s"`
- `airflow`: `"[%(asctime)s] {%(filename)s:%(lineno)d} %(levelname)s - %(message)s"`

> **Note:** The full default logging configuration can be viewed in the [Airflow source code](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/c0e9daa3632dc0ede695827d1ebdbd091401e94d/airflow/config_templates/airflow_local_settings.py#L59).

The Airflow UI displays logs to the user using a `read()` method on task handlers which is not part of stdlib.
`read()` checks for available logs to display in a predefined order:

1. Remote logs if remote logging is enabled.
2. Logs on the local filesystem

> 3. Logs from worker logs webserver

Reviewer: Is this logs from workers or the webserver? I'm not clear on what 'worker logs webserver' is

Author: It refers to small webserver sub processes created for workers: https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#worker-log-server-port . Philippe used the term "worker logs webserver" in his presentation for it. I changed the wording and added the link to the Airflow docs, hope that makes it clearer.

> > **Note:** If a Kubernetes Executer was used and the Worker pod still exists `read()` will display the first 100 lines from Kubernetes pod logs, if the Worker pod ceased to exists those logs will be unavailable.

Author: I discussed this with Kenten today and Kubernetes logging is a whole topic in itself so I added a link to Kubernetes doc page on that.

## Log Locations

> The default location of logs which are outputted to the file system is specified as `base_log_folder` in `airflow.cfg` which is located in the `$AIRFLOW_HOME` directory.

Reviewer 2: We state this default, then jump to the Docker locations and then back to the default locations. Instead, can we clearly split this section up based on how you're running Airflow? You can use headers to help with this:

```
### Running Airflow Locally 

<All default file locations, including `base_log_folder` info>

### Running Airflow in Docker 

<all file locations when using Docker?

Author: I really like that idea, looks much more organized now! :)

- **Metadata database**: Is logged to the console by default. You can access the log by running `docker logs <postgres_container_id>`.
- **Triggerer**: Is logged to the console by default. You can access the log by running `docker logs <triggerer_container_id>`.
- **Tasks**: From within the Docker container, navigate to  `/usr/local/airflow/logs/` or navigate to your task instance in the Grid or Graph views of the Airflow UI and click on the `Log` button.

If you run Airflow locally, the logs from your scheduler, webserver and triggerer will be printed to the console. Additionally, you will find logs from your scheduler separated by DAG in `$AIRFLOW_HOME/logs/scheduler`, while your task logs can be viewed either in the Airflow UI or at `$AIRFLOW_HOME/logs/`. How the logs from your metadatabase are handled depends on which database you use.

For Astro CLI users a command to show webserver, scheduler, triggerer and Celery worker logs from the local Airflow environment is available: `astro dev logs` ([see also the Astro documentation](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-dev-logs).)

## Adding Task Logs

> All hooks and operators in Airflow will generate logs when the task is run. The logs that are generated will vary for each specific module but you can also add additional logging statements from within your python functions by accessing the `airflow.task` logger. It is currently not possible to add logs from within other operators or in the top-level code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All hooks and operators in Airflow generate logs when a task is run. While it is currently not possible to modify logs from within other operators or in the top-level code, you can add custom logging statements from within your Python functions by modifying the `airflow.task` logger.
```

    print('This log is created via a print statement')
    task_logger.info('This log is informational')
    task_logger.warning('This log is a warning')
    task_logger.error('This log shows an error!')
    task_logger.critical('This log shows a critical error!')

    data = {'a': 19, 'b': 23, 'c': 42}

    # Using the Task flow API to push to XCom by returning a value
    return data

# logs outside of tasks will not be processed
task_logger.warning('This log will not show up!')

with DAG(dag_id='more_logs_dag',
        start_date=datetime(2022,6,5),
        schedule_interval='@daily',
        dagrun_timeout=timedelta(minutes=10),
        catchup=False) as dag:

    # command to create a file and write the data from the extract task into it
    # these commands use Jinja templating within {{}}
    commands= """
        touch /usr/local/airflow/{{ds}}.txt
        echo {{ti.xcom_pull(task_ids='extract')}} > /usr/local/airflow/{{ds}}.txt
        """

    write_to_file = BashOperator(task_id='write_to_file', bash_command=commands)

    # logs outside of tasks will not be processed
    task_logger.warning('This log will not show up!')

    extract() >> write_to_file
```

> The DAG above shows how to log at different levels of severity from within a custom python function. The logs for the `extract` task will show the following lines under the default Airflow logging configuration (set at the level of `INFO`):

Author: In the example task the added logs don't really achieve anything other than showing the syntax for all the levels and from where you can add logs and from where you cannot. I added a sentence talking about some use cases :)

```bash
[2022-06-06, 07:25:09 UTC] {logging_mixin.py:115} INFO - This log is created via a print statement
[2022-06-06, 07:25:09 UTC] {more_logs_dag.py:15} INFO - This log is informational
[2022-06-06, 07:25:09 UTC] {more_logs_dag.py:16} WARNING - This log is a warning
[2022-06-06, 07:25:09 UTC] {more_logs_dag.py:17} ERROR - This log shows an error!
[2022-06-06, 07:25:09 UTC] {more_logs_dag.py:18} CRITICAL - This log shows a critical error!
```

> ## Why to Configure Logging

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## When to Use Custom Logging
```

Author: I discussed this with Kenten today and we'd like to keep the structure "how to add task logs", "why to configure", "how to configure", "config examples" because the people who need to add task logs (DAG authors) often will not have anything to do with the deeper configuration of airflow logging (maybe apart from setting the logging level down during dev), which is left to admins of the airflow instance. 

I think my wording of the title of the section with the example DAG was confusing and I tried to clarify it now and I removed the "changing logging level" from the "when to configure logging" since it was mentioned in the "how to add tasks" section. :)

> Logging in Airflow is set up to be ready to use without any configuration being necessary. However, there are many use cases where customization of logging is beneficial. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Logging in Airflow is ready to use without any additional configuration. However, there are many use cases where customization of logging is beneficial. For example:
```

A step-by-step explanation can be found in the [Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/logging-monitoring/logging-tasks.html#advanced-configuration) or in the section 'Example: Remote logging of tasks to S3 using Astro CLI' below.

## Logging Remotely

When scaling up your Airflow environment you may end up with many tasks producing sizeable amounts of logs for which you need a reliable, resilient and auto-scaling storage. The easiest solution is to use remote logging to a remote destination for which a community-managed provider already exists:

- Alibaba: `OSSTaskHandler`
- Amazon: `S3TaskHandler`, `CloudwatchTaskHandler`
- [Elasticsearch](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-elasticsearch/stable/logging/index.html): `ElasticsearchTaskHandler`
- [Google](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-google/stable/logging/index.html): `GCSTaskHandler`, `StackdriverTaskHandler`
- [Microsoft Azure](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure/stable/logging/index.html): `WasbTaskHandler`

> For these providers Airflow contains logic to overwrite your task handler (`FileTaskHandler`) with the corresponding remote destination task handler (for example `GCSTaskHandler`) if you provide a valid `REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER` (e.g. `gs://...`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By configuring `REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER`, you can override the default task handler (`FileTaskHandler`) to send logs to a remote destination task handler (for example `GCSTaskHandler`.
```

> If you want different behavior or add several handlers to one logger you will need to make changes to `DEFAULT_LOGGING_CONFIG` as described in the [Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/logging-monitoring/logging-tasks.html#advanced-configuration).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

To map multiple different remote logging services to a single logger, you need to make changes to `DEFAULT_LOGGING_CONFIG` as described in the [Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/logging-monitoring/logging-tasks.html#advanced-configuration).
```

Reviewer 2: Why are we linking to the Airflow documentation here instead of our advanced example below?

1. Add the Amazon provider module `apache-airflow-providers-amazon` to `requirements.txt`.

2. Start the Airflow environment and navigate to **Admin** -> **Connections** in the Airflow UI to add the connection to the S3 bucket. Select Amazon S3 as connection type for the S3 bucket and provide the connection with your AWS access key ID as `login` and your AWS secret access key as `password` ([See AWS documentation for how to retrieve your AWS access key ID and AWS secret access key](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/powershell/latest/userguide/pstools-appendix-sign-up.html)).  

3. Add the following commands to the Dockerfile (not the double underscores around `LOGGING`):

```dockerfile
# allow remote logging and provide a connection ID (see step 2)
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_LOGGING=True
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_LOG_CONN_ID=${AMAZONS3_CON_ID}

# specify the location of your remote logs using your bucket name
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER=s3://${S3BUCKET_NAME}/logs

# optional: serverside encryption for S3 logs
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__ENCRYPT_S3_LOGS=True

> ```

Author: thank you!

By setting these environmental variables you can configure remote logging to one S3 bucket (`S3BUCKET_NAME`). Behind the scenes, Airflow uses the connection ID `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_LOG_CONN_ID` and the remote log folder `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER` (starts with `s3://`) that were provided to create a S3TaskHandler and replace the default FileTaskHandler.  

Afterwards don't forget to restart your Airflow environment and run any task to verify that the task logs are copied to your S3 bucket.

![Logs in S3 bucket](<https://assets2.astronomer.io/main/guides/your-guide-folder/logs_s3_bucket.png>)

## Advanced Configuration Example: Add Multiple Handlers to the Same Logger

> For full control over the logging configuration you will need to create and modify a `log_config.py` file. This is relevant for use cases such as adding several handlers to the same logger with different formatters, filters, or destinations, or to add your own custom handler.

Author: I added a sentence listing 3 reasons why someone may want to do that. Generally every case where task logs are stored in more than one destination (whether it is an exact copy or changed logs like different severity or additional filters) would need two handlers. I don't know how commonly people actually have a setup like this but it was one of the clearest examples I found where creating a log_config.py file is necessary.

RUN mkdir $PYTHONPATH/config
COPY include/log_config.py $PYTHONPATH/config/
RUN touch $PYTHONPATH/config/__init__.py

# allow remote logging and provide a connection ID (the one you specified in step 2)
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_LOGGING=True
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_LOG_CONN_ID=hook_tutorial_s3_conn

# specify the location of your remote logs, make sure to provide your bucket names above
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER=s3://${S3BUCKET_NAME}/logs
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER_2=s3://${S3BUCKET_NAME_2}/logs

# set the new logging configuration as logging config class
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__LOGGING_CONFIG_CLASS=config.log_config.LOGGING_CONFIG

# optional: serverside encryption for S3 logs
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__ENCRYPT_S3_LOGS=True
```

By setting these environmental variables you can configure remote logging to two S3 buckets (`S3BUCKET_NAME` and `S3BUCKET_NAME_2`). Like in the previous section Airflow uses the connection ID `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_LOG_CONN_ID` and the remote log folder `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER` (starts with `s3://`) that were provided to create a S3TaskHandler and replace the default FileTaskHandler.  

> Additionally a second remote log folder `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER_2` is set as an environmental variable to be retrieved from within `log_config.py`. Importantly the `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__LOGGING_CONFIG_CLASS` is replaced with your custom `LOGGING_CONFIG` class you will define in the next step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally a second remote log folder `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER_2` is set as an environment variable to be retrieved from within `log_config.py`. Importantly, the `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__LOGGING_CONFIG_CLASS` is replaced with your custom `LOGGING_CONFIG` class that you will define in the next step.
```

heroImagePath: null
tags: ["Logging", "Best Practices", "Basics"]
---

## Overview

Logging is the key to effective monitoring and debugging of any application. Airflow provides an extensive logging system to fit the observability needs of a variety of use cases. Core Airflow components such as the webserver, scheduler and workers as well as individual tasks via a TaskHandler provide logging information, either to a local file, the console or to a specified remote storage solution. The Airflow UI eventually collects logs from various locations to display to the end user.

In this guide we'll cover the basics of logging in Airflow, why and how to configure logging settings and remote logging. A full step-by-step example is provided on how to set up remote logging to an S3 bucket using the Astro CLI. Additionally an outline on how to construct your own custom Handler, information on further monitoring options in Airflow and the default logging settings are listed at the end of this guide.

> ## Logging Basics

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we can either cut down on this section and/or roll it into the Logging in Airflow section. Some definitions of terms used are definitely helpful, but on the other hand, most people reading these guides will be looking for help implementing something specific, so we want to balance background info with instructional content. This may be something where we link out to other docs and leave most of the explanation to those, if people want it.

`LogRecord` objects, which contain both the logging data and metadata, are instantiated with a level of severity. By default there are 6 logging levels: CRITICAL, ERROR, WARNING, INFO, DEBUG and NOTSET. Using the `setLevel` method each logger can be given a threshold at which logs will be emitted by a handler attached to this logger. Additional logic to determine when logs are emitted can added with a filter.

Loggers can be defined hierarchically and will propagate their output to their parent loggers' handler by default.

Once a message gets logged it gets passed to a handler attached to the logger or to a logger it propagates to. Similarly to a logger a handler can have its own filters and level of severity. By using `setFormatter` a formatter can be assigned to a specific handler to add custom formatting to the message.

The logging module provides a [variety of handlers](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.handlers.html#module-logging.handlers) from which custom handlers can inherit. If no handlers are defined in an application the root logger will use a `StreamHandler` with a level of `WARNING` to write to `sys.stderr` (also known as the handler of last resort).  

> ## Logging in Airflow

Reviewer: I think it would be helpful in this section to put things in terms of what sorts of logs are generated by each logger. Most Airflow users will care about task logs and scheduler logs the most, so indicating where those are generated will be useful. e.g. something like "if you need to debug a failing scheduler, you would want to look at these logs" in whatever section is relevant.

- 'airflow_colored': `"[%(blue)s%(asctime)s%(reset)s] {%(blue)s%(filename)s:%(reset)s%(lineno)d} %(log_color)s%(levelname)s%(reset)s - %(log_color)s%(message)s%(reset)s"`
- 'airflow': `"[%(asctime)s] {%(filename)s:%(lineno)d} %(levelname)s - %(message)s"`

## Why to configure logging

Logging in Airflow is set up to be ready to use without any configuration being necessary. However there are many use cases where customization of logging is beneficial.

- Lowering the threshold level of existing loggers in order to show debug logs.
- Changing the formatting of existing logs in order to contain additional information for example the full pathname of the source file from which the logging call was made.
- Adding additional handlers, for example to log all critical errors in an additional separate destination.
- Storing logs remotely (see the section "Logging Remotely" below).

## How to configure logging

Logging in Airflow can be configured in `airflow.cfg` or by providing a custom `log_config.py` file. It is considered best practise to not declare configs or variables within the `.py` handler files except for testing or debugging purposes.

> The current task handler and logging configuration can be found running the following commands:

Reviewer: I would specify that this is using the Airflow CLI

```console
$ airflow info          # shows the current handler
$ airflow config list   # shows current parameters under [logging]
```

A full list parameters relating to logging that can be configured in `airflow.cfg` can be found in the [Airflow Documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#logging). They can also be configured by setting their corresponding environmental variables.

> 

Reviewer: I think adding a super brief example of changing a logging parameter for a particular use case would be helpful (ideally corresponding to one of the bullet points in the Why section). Doesn't need to be long, just a couple of sentences about "For example, if you wanted to modify logging for xyz purpose, you could update xyz in the config...."

> Advanced configuration might necessitate the logging config class to be overwritten. To enable custom logging config a configuration file `~/airflow/config/log_config.py` has to be created in which modifications to `DEFAULT_LOGGING_CONFIG` are specified.   

Reviewer: Can we add an example use case when you might want to do this (maybe the same one you present in the remote logging example?)? Just a sentence like "You may need to do this if you are ...."

A step-by-step explanation can be found in the [Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/logging-monitoring/logging-tasks.html#advanced-configuration) or in the section 'Example setting up remote logging to S3 using Astro CLI' below.

## Logging remotely

> There are implementations for writing task logs to a remote destination for a number of community-managed providers:

Reviewer: Can we add a sentence or two here about why you would want to set up remote logging? Scalability and resilience are the big things that come to my mind.

- Alibaba: `OSSTaskHandler`
- Amazon: `S3TaskHandler`, `CloudwatchTaskHandler`
- [Elasticsearch](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-elasticsearch/stable/logging/index.html): `ElasticsearchTaskHandler`
- [Google](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-google/stable/logging/index.html): `GCSTaskHandler`, `StackdriverTaskHandler`
- [Microsoft Azure](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure/stable/logging/index.html): `WasbTaskHandler`

> It is important to note that logs are only sent to remote storage once a task has been completed (including in case of failure), this means you will only be able to see the logs of currently running tasks locally.

Reviewer: I believe you can only see logs for running tasks with certain implementations of Airflow (like ours, which uses elasticsearch for this purpose). Worth confirming though, I could be wrong.

Author: I was actually able to get the output from running tasks in local airflow, it is a .log file that gets appended in real time (even if I have it open interestingly).
![Screenshot 2022-06-02 at 22 50 08](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90063506/171735713-6927ff18-5c84-421d-bf99-582a5512a435.png)

Author: I see. I can see logs for currently running tasks in the UI both for local airflow and for Astro CLI.

```

4. Add the following commands to the Dockerfile to copy the locally created `log_config.py` file into the right directory within the container, allow remote logging, set your S3 bucket as the logging destination and change the source of the logging config class file:

```dockerfile
# create a directory for the your custom log_config.py file
ENV PYTHONPATH=/usr/local/airflow
RUN mkdir $PYTHONPATH/config
# copy the file from your local machine to the docker container
COPY ~/path/log_config.py $PYTHONPATH/config/

# allow remote logging and provide a connection ID (see step 2)
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_LOGGING=True
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_LOG_CONN_ID=${AMAZONS3_CON_ID}

# specify the location of your remote logs using your bucket name
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER=s3://${S3BUCKET_NAME}/logs

# set the new logging configuration as logging config class
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__LOGGING_CONFIG_CLASS=config.log_config.LOGGING_CONFIG

# optional: serverside encryption for S3 logs
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__ENCRYPT_S3_LOGS=True
```

5. Restart your Airflow environment and run any task to verify that the logs are copied to your S3 bucket.

> ## Logging display

Reviewer: I think we should incorporate this section into the Logging in Airflow section above, rather than having it be its own section.

The Airflow UI displays logs to the user using a `read()` method on task handlers which is not part of stdlib.
`read()` checks for available logs to display in a predefined order:

1. Remote logs if remote logging is enabled.
2. Logs on the local filesystem
3. Logs from worker logs webserver

If a Kubernetes Executer was used and the Worker pod still exists `read()` will display the first 100 lines from Kubernetes pod logs, if the Worker pod ceased to exists those logs will be unavailable.

## Custom Handlers

> 

Reviewer: I think we would want to talk more about when you would want to create a custom handler here. Alternatively, do you think this section is necessary for most average Airflow users, or would it be considered pretty advanced? Maybe we don't devote as much space to it if we think most users wouldn't need it.

All Handlers inherit from the stdlib's `logging.Handler`. Custom handlers can be created following the basic logic shown below. Implementation will differ depending on your use case.

```python
class MyTaskHandler(logging.Handler):
    def __init__(self):
        super(MyTaskHandler, self).__init__()

    def emit(self, record: logging.LogRecord):
        # logic to stream logs

    def close(self):
        # logic to ship logs in bulk

    def read(self, task_instance, try_number=None, metadata=None):
        # logic to fetch logs
```

> ## Beyond Logging

Reviewer: I think rather than have a separate section for this we could add a note (using the `>  Note` syntax so it stands out) that says there are other monitoring options within Airflow and then link to the Airflow docs and maybe also our monitoring docs.

Additionally to standard logging there are a variety of other monitoring options when using Airflow:

- [Using statD to collect Metrics](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/logging-monitoring/metrics.html) like number of currently running DAG parsing processes, number of open executor slots or milliseconds taken to finish a given task.
- [Using task events to trigger callback functions](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/logging-monitoring/callbacks.html#).
- [Checking Airflow Health Status](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/logging-monitoring/check-health.html#) of the metadatabase and the scheduler: via REST API or CLI.
- [Tracking Errors via Sentry](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/logging-monitoring/errors.html)
- [Anonymously tracking User Activity](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/logging-monitoring/tracking-user-activity.html) for example via Google Analytics, Segment or Metarouter.

> ## Airflow's default logging configuration for reference

Reviewer: This is somewhere in the Airflow code, right? If so, do you think we can just link out to the code in a note in the Logging in Airflow section? That way if it changes, we don't have to worry about the guide being out of date.

- **Scheduler** logs are in `/usr/local/airflow/logs/scheduler` within the scheduler Docker container by default (you can enter a docker container in a bash session with `docker exec -it <container_id> /bin/bash`).
- **Webserver** logs appear in the console by default. You can access the logs by running `docker logs <webserver_container_id>`.
- **Metadata database** logs appear in the console by default. You can access the logs by running `docker logs <postgres_container_id>`.
- **Triggerer** logs appear in the console by default. You can access the logs by running `docker logs <triggerer_container_id>`.
- **Task** logs are in `/usr/local/airflow/logs/` within the scheduler Docker container. You can also access task logs in the Grid or Graph views of the Airflow UI using the **Log** button.

For Astro CLI users a command to show webserver, scheduler, triggerer and Celery worker logs from the local Airflow environment is available: `astro dev logs` ([see also the Astro documentation](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-dev-logs).)

> ### Running Airflow locally

Author: Is done :)

If you run Airflow locally, logging information will be accessible in different locations than with dockerized Airflow:

- **Scheduler** logs are printed to the console and accessible in `$AIRFLOW_HOME/logs/scheduler`.
- **Webserver** and **Triggerer** logs are printed to the console.
- **Task** logs can be viewed either in the Airflow UI or at `$AIRFLOW_HOME/logs/`.
- **Metadata database** logs are handled differently depending on which database you use.

> ## Adding Additional Task Logs from within a DAG

Author: oh that alliteration was not on purpose, thanks for pointing it out 😂 . I changed the headers now to:

## Adding Custom Task Logs from within a DAG
## When to Configure Logging
## How to Configure Logging

so that there is a clear distinction between "adding something custom" which uses the default config and is more of a "user thing" to do and when and how to actually change the configuration, which is more for the admins. Hope that works :)

- **Webserver** logs appear in the console by default. You can access the logs by running `docker logs <webserver_container_id>`.
- **Metadata database** logs appear in the console by default. You can access the logs by running `docker logs <postgres_container_id>`.
- **Triggerer** logs appear in the console by default. You can access the logs by running `docker logs <triggerer_container_id>`.
- **Task** logs are in `/usr/local/airflow/logs/` within the scheduler Docker container. You can also access task logs in the Grid or Graph views of the Airflow UI using the **Log** button.

> **Note**: The Astro CLI includes a command to show webserver, scheduler, triggerer and Celery worker logs from the local Airflow environment is available. For more information, see the [`astro dev logs` documentation](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/astro-dev-logs).

## Adding Custom Task Logs from within a DAG

All hooks and operators in Airflow generate logs when a task is run. While it is currently not possible to modify logs from within other operators or in the top-level code, you can add custom logging statements from within your Python functions by accessing the `airflow.task` logger.

> The advantage of using a logger over print statements is that you can log at different levels and control which logs are emitted to a specific location. For example, by default the `airflow.task` logger is set at the level of `INFO`, which means that logs at the level of `DEBUG` aren't logged. To see `DEBUG` logs when debugging your python tasks, you simply need to set `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__LOGGING_LEVEL=DEBUG` or change the value of `logging_level` in `airflow.cfg`. After debugging, you can change the `logging_level` back to `INFO` without ever having to touch your DAG code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantage of using a logger over print statements is that you can log at different levels and control which logs are emitted to a specific location. For example, by default the `airflow.task` logger is set at the level of `INFO`, which means that logs at the level of `DEBUG` aren't logged. To see `DEBUG` logs when debugging your Python tasks, you simply need to set `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__LOGGING_LEVEL=DEBUG` or change the value of `logging_level` in `airflow.cfg`. After debugging, you can change the `logging_level` back to `INFO` without ever having to touch your DAG code.
```

```bash
[2022-06-06, 07:25:09 UTC] {logging_mixin.py:115} INFO - This log is created via a print statement
[2022-06-06, 07:25:09 UTC] {more_logs_dag.py:15} INFO - This log is informational
[2022-06-06, 07:25:09 UTC] {more_logs_dag.py:16} WARNING - This log is a warning
[2022-06-06, 07:25:09 UTC] {more_logs_dag.py:17} ERROR - This log shows an error!
[2022-06-06, 07:25:09 UTC] {more_logs_dag.py:18} CRITICAL - This log shows a critical error!
```

## When to Configure Logging

Logging in Airflow is ready to use without any additional configuration. However, there are many use cases where customization of logging is beneficial. For example:

- Changing the format of existing logs to contain additional information (for example, the full pathname of the source file from which the logging call was made)
- Adding additional handlers (for example, to log all critical errors in a separate file)
- Storing logs remotely (see "Logging Remotely" below)
- Adding your own custom handlers (for example, to log remotely to a destination not yet supported by existing providers)

## How to Configure Logging

> Logging in Airflow can be configured in `airflow.cfg` and by providing a custom `log_config.py` file. It is considered best practise to not declare configs or variables within the `.py` handler files except for testing or debugging purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logging in Airflow can be configured in `airflow.cfg` and by providing a custom `log_config.py` file. It is considered best practice to not declare configs or variables within the `.py` handler files except for testing or debugging purposes.
```

Two step-by step explanations on how to configure logging can be found in the examples below.

## Remote Logging

When scaling up your Airflow environment you might end up with many tasks producing more logs than your Airflow environment can handle storing. In this case, you need a reliable, resilient, and auto-scaling storage. The easiest solution is to use remote logging to a remote service which is already supported by a community-managed provider:

- Alibaba: `OSSTaskHandler` (`oss://`)
- Amazon: `S3TaskHandler` (`s3://`), `CloudwatchTaskHandler` (`cloudwatch://`)
- [Elasticsearch](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-elasticsearch/stable/logging/index.html): `ElasticsearchTaskHandler` (further configured via `elasticsearch` in `airflow.cfg`)
- [Google](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-google/stable/logging/index.html): `GCSTaskHandler` (`gs://`), `StackdriverTaskHandler` (`stackdriver://`)
- [Microsoft Azure](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure/stable/logging/index.html): `WasbTaskHandler` (`wasb`)

> By configuring `REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER` with a prefix of a supported provider (as listed above), you can override the default task handler (`FileTaskHandler`) to send logs to a remote destination task handler (for example `GCSTaskHandler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By configuring `REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER` with a prefix of a supported provider (as listed above), you can override the default task handler (`FileTaskHandler`) to send logs to a remote destination task handler (for example `GCSTaskHandler`).
```

# allow remote logging and provide a connection ID (the one you specified in step 2)
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_LOGGING=True
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_LOG_CONN_ID=hook_tutorial_s3_conn

# specify the location of your remote logs, make sure to provide your bucket names above
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER=s3://${S3BUCKET_NAME}/logs
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER_2=s3://${S3BUCKET_NAME_2}/logs

# set the new logging configuration as logging config class
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__LOGGING_CONFIG_CLASS=config.log_config.LOGGING_CONFIG

# optional: serverside encryption for S3 logs
ENV AIRFLOW__LOGGING__ENCRYPT_S3_LOGS=True
```

By setting these environment variables you can configure remote logging to two S3 buckets (`S3BUCKET_NAME` and `S3BUCKET_NAME_2`).
Additionally to the first remote log folder (`AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER`) a second remote log folder `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER_2` is set as an environment variable to be retrieved from within `log_config.py`. Importantly, the `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__LOGGING_CONFIG_CLASS` is replaced with your custom `LOGGING_CONFIG` class that you will define in the next step.

> Lastly, create a `log_config.py` file. While you can put this file anywhere in your Airflow project as long as it is not within a folder listed in `.dockerignore`, it is best practise to put it outside of your `dags/` folder, such as `/include`, to prevent the scheduler wasting resources by continuously parsing the file. Make sure to adjust the COPY statement in the previous step depending on where you decide to store this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, create a `log_config.py` file. While you can put this file anywhere in your Airflow project as long as it is not within a folder listed in `.dockerignore`, it is best practice to put it outside of your `dags/` folder, such as `/include`, to prevent the scheduler wasting resources by continuously parsing the file. Make sure to adjust the COPY statement in the previous step depending on where you decide to store this file.
```

```python
from copy import deepcopy
import os

# import the default logging configuration
from airflow.config_templates.airflow_local_settings import DEFAULT_LOGGING_CONFIG

LOGGING_CONFIG = deepcopy(DEFAULT_LOGGING_CONFIG)

# add an additional handler
LOGGING_CONFIG['handlers']['secondary_s3_task_handler'] = {
    # you can import your own custom handler here
    'class': 'airflow.providers.amazon.aws.log.s3_task_handler.S3TaskHandler',
    # you can add a custom formatter here
    'formatter': 'airflow',
    # the following env variables were set in the dockerfile
    'base_log_folder': os.environ['BASE_LOG_FOLDER'],
    's3_log_folder': os.environ['AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER_2'],
    'filename_template':
        # providing a custom structure for log directory and filename
        "{{ ti.dag_id }}/{{ ti.task_id }}_{{ ts }}_{{ try_number }}.log",
    # if needed, custom filters can be added here
    "filters":[
    "mask_secrets"
    ]
}

# this line adds the "secondary_s3_task_handler" as a handler to airflow.task
LOGGING_CONFIG['loggers']['airflow.task']['handlers'] = ["task",
                                                  "secondary_s3_task_handler"]
```

> This modified version of `DEFAULT_LOGGING_CONFIG` creates a second S3TaskHandler using the s3 location provided as `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER_2`. It is configured with a custom `filename_template`, further customization is of course possible with regards to formatting, log level or additional filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This modified version of `DEFAULT_LOGGING_CONFIG` creates a second S3TaskHandler using the S3 location provided as `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER_2`. It is configured with a custom `filename_template`, further customization is of course possible with regards to formatting, log level or additional filters.
```
